prevalent: widespread in a particular area or at a particular time
overall: in general rather than in particular or including all the people or things in a particular group or situation
prevail: 1) prove more powerful than opposing forces; 2) be widespread in a particular area at a particular time; be current
	 3) be current persuade(who) to do something
deductive: Characterized by or based on the inference of particular instances from a general law.
Inference: a conclusion reached based on evidence and reasoning
basis: The underlying support or foundation for an idea, argument, or process
conduct: 1) organize and carry out, 2) lead or guide(someone) to or around a particular place.
Draw: 1) produce by making lines with a pen. 2) Pull or drag(e.g., car, extract idea, actual things..) to make it follow behind.
Account: 1) a report or description of an event or experience; 2) a record or statement of financial expenditure and receipts.
	 3) consider or regard in a specified way
ledger: 1) a book or other collection of financial accounts of a particular type 2) a flat stone slab(large stone) covering a grave
legislative: having the power to make laws.
Respect: a particular aspect, point, or detail.
Whim: a sudden desire or change of mind, especially unusual or unexplained.
Norm: 1) something that is usual or standard; 2) a required standard; a level to be compiled with or reached.
Breach: 1) make a gap in and breakthrough. 2) Whale rise and break through the water's surface.
breakthrough: make or force a way through a barrier
regulation: a rule or directive made and maintained by an authority
directive: an official or authoritative instruction
compute: calculate or reckon(a figure or amount)
reckon: establish by counting or calculation; calculate
sovereign: 1) supreme ruler, especially a monarch; 2) possessing supreme or ultimate power
vogue: prevailing fashion or style at a particular time.
optimize: make the best or most effective use of
indefinitely: for an unlimited or unspecified period (or degree or extent)
applicable: relevant or appropriate
appropriate: suitable or proper in the circumstances.
Exercise: use or apply
whichever: used to emphasize a lack of restriction in selecting one of a definite set of alternatives.
Alternative: one of two or more available possibilities.
Bureau: an office or department for transacting a particular business.
Concealment: the action of hiding something or preventing it from being known.
Exertion: physical or mental effort.
Wonder: a feeling of surprise mingled with admiration caused by something beautiful, unexpected, unfamiliar, or inexplicable.
Mingle: mix or cause to mix.
Inexplicable: unable to be explained or accounted for.
Elaboration: developing or presenting a theory, policy, or system in further detail.
prompt: cause or bring about(an action or feeling)
obsolete: no longer produced or used; out of date
plainly: able to be perceived easily
imperious: assuming power on authority without justification, arrogant and domineering
premise: previous statement or proposition from which another is inferred or follows as a conclusion
intuitive: using or based on what one feels to be true even without conscious reasoning; instinctive
treaty: a formally concluded and ratified agreement between countries
ratify: sign or give formal consent to (treaty, contract, or agreement, making it officially valid
desert: 1) empty or people 2) abandon(a person, cause or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous 3) leave cause it to empty
treacherous: guilty of or involving betrayal or deception
deception: the action of deceiving someone
hazardous: risky; dangerous
deceive (of a person) cause (someone) to believe something untrue to gain some personal advantage.
pre-x: before x
abruptly: suddenly and unexpectedly
precision: the quality, condition, or fact of being exact and accurate
seize: take hold of suddenly and forcibly
placeholders: a significant zero in the decimal representation of a number
persistent: continuing firmly or obstinately in a course of action despite difficulty or opposition
in the course of undergoing the specified process
correspond: 1) have a close similarity; match or agree almost exactly; 2) communicate by exchanging letters, emails, or other messages
concession: a thing that is granted, especially in response to demands; a thing conceded
concede: admit that something is valid after first denying or resisting it
reluctance: unwillingness or disinclination to do something
unwillingness: the quality or state of being unwilling to do something
disinclination: a reluctance or lack of enthusiasm
operative: functioning or having an effect
subclassable: you can inherit from them.
Proprietary: Relating to an owner or ownership
crack: a line on the surface of something along which it has split without breaking into separate parts
along: moving in a constant direction (like a road)
dashboard: a home page on a website giving access to different elements of the site's functionality
whatever: Used to emphasize a lack of restriction in referring to anything or amount, no matter what
inflate: Fill (a balloon, tire or other expandable structure) with air or gas so that it becomes distended.
distended: swollen due to pressure from inside; bloated
swell: (especially of a part of the body) becomes larger or rounder in size, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid
elaborate: involving many carefully arranged parts or details;
scarcely: only just; almost not
populated: 1) form the population of 2) cause people to settle in 3) fill or be present in(a place, environment, or domain
entail: involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
Versatile: able to adapt or be adapted to many different functions or activities.
Malice: the intention or desire to do evil; ill will
subsequent: coming after something in time; following
besides: in addition
vendor: a person or company offering something for sale, especially a trader in the street.
Subset: a part of a larger group of related things.
exploit: make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
accommodate: provide lodging or sufficient space for.
lodge: present(a complaint, appeal, claim, etc) formally to the proper authorities.
deploy: move into position
maneuver: a movement or series of moves requiring skill and care.
dictate: lay down authoritatively; prescribe
prescribe: 1) (of a medical practitioner) advise and authorize the use of (medicine) for someone, especially in writing 2) recommend (a substance or action) as something beneficial
authoritatively: in a way that is trusted as being accurate or true; with authority xx///x/x/x/
mitigate: make less severe, serious, or painful
impaired: weakened or damaged
intense: of extreme force, degree, or strength
intensity: 1) the quality of being intense, 2) the measurable amount of a property, such as force, brightness, or a magnetic field.
refrain: stop oneself from doing something
waive: refrain from insisting on or using
diverge: (of a road, route) separate from another route, especially a main one, and go in a different direction.
demystify: make clearer and easier to understand
comprise: consist of; be made up of
straightforward: Uncomplicated and easy to do or understand
so far: 1) to a certain limited extent 2) (of a trend that seems likely to continue) up to this time
quality: 1) measured against from standard somthing 2) a distinctive attribute or characteristic possessed by someone or something
engagement: 1) formal agreement to get married 2) an arrangement to do something or go somewhere at a fixed time
obligation: 1) condition of being morally or legally bound to do something 2) debt of gratitude for a service or favor
endeavor: Try hard to do or acheve something
syntax: the arrangement of words and pharases to create well-formed sentences in a language.
pervasive: (especially of an unwelcome influence or physical effect)spreading widely throughout an area or a group of people.
acknowledge: 1) accept or admit the existence or truth of 2) recognize the fact or importance or quality of
refugee: aperson who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster
Hostility and ill-treatment, especially on the basis of ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation or political beliefs.
ill treatment: cruel or inhumane treatment
apex: the top or highest part of something especially one forming a point
vertex: the highest point
discrete: individually separate and distinct
abound: exist in large numbers or amounts
traverse: travel across or through
adjacency: refers to the relationship between two nodes or vertices in a graph that are directly connected by an edge.