2311---
glossary: alphabetical list of terms or words found in or relating to a specific subject, text, or dialect, with explanations; a brief dictionary
depict: show or represent by a drawing, painting or other art form
dissect: methodically cut up to study its internal parts.
Theorem: a general proposition
assertion: 1) a confident and forceful statement of fact 2) the action of stating something or exercising authority confidently and forcefully
proposition: a word or idea that expresses a judgment or opinion
omit: 1) leave out or exclude (something), either intentionally or forgetfully 2) fail or neglect to do (something); leave undone
intricate: very complicated or detailed
parenthesis: in writing, usually marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas. (e.g. ())
flag: 1)mark for attention in a specified way 2) mark with the symbol for displaying something specific object.
Oblong: an object or flat figure in an elongated rectangle or oval shape.
Elongated: long about width, especially unusually so.
Deviation: The action of departing from an established course or accepted standard
underscore: A line drawn under a word or phrase for emphasis.
Frequency: 1) The rate at which something occurs or is repeated over a particular period or in a given sample. 
	   2) The rate at which a vibration occurs that constitutes a wave, or in an electromagnetic field, usually measured per second.
Linting: It checks the source code for programmatic and stylistic errors.
Spectator: a person who watches a show, game, or other event.
Audit: An official inspection of an individual's or organization's accounts, typically by an independent body.
Fraud: wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain
regulate: Control or maintain the rate or speed so that it appropriately
Elicit: evoke or draw out from someone in reaction to one's actions or questions.
Invariably: in every case or on every occasion; always
Exclamation: a sudden cry or remark, especially expressing surprise, anger, or pain
rebase: establish a new base level for
Denture: A removable plate or frame holding one or more artificial teeth.
Precede: 1) come before (something) in time. 2)
fiscally: In a way that relates to government revenue, especially taxes.
Extensive: Covering or affecting a large area.
Revenue: Income, especially when of a company or organization and of a substantial nature.
Substantial: 1) of considerable importance, size, or worth. 2) actual and tangible rather than imaginary
tangible: perceptible by touch
neglect: 1) failure to care for properly, 2) the state or fact of being uncared for
monotonic: 1) varying in such a way that it either never decreases or never increases 2) speaking or uttered with an unchanging pitch or tone
utter: 1) complete; absolute 2) make (a sound) with one's voice
authoritative: Able to be trusted as being accurate or true; reliable
evenly: 1) to present a flat or uniform surface or line, 2) in equal numbers, amounts, or values
implement: A tool, utensil, or other piece of equipment. For use particular purpose.
Conformity: 1) compliance with standards, rules, or laws 2) similarity in form or type; agreement in character
aggregation: The formation of several things into a cluster.
irreversibly: In a way that cannot be undone or altered
integral: necessary to make a whole complete; essential or fundamental
capacitor: A device used to store an electric charge, consisting of one or more pairs of conductors separated by an insulator
insulator: A substance that does not readily allow the passage of heat or sound.
conductor: physics) an object that transmits heat, electricity, or sound, especially in terms of its capacity.
in terms of: used to describe which particular area of a subject you are discussing / about something
dissipate: squander or fritter away (money, energy or resources)
electromotive: producing or tending to produce an electric current.
inductance: The property of an electric conductor or circuit that causes an electromotive force to be generated by a change in the current flowing
thus: As a result or consequence of this; therefore
inhibit: Hinder, restrain, or prevent
warrant: justify or necessitate(a certain course of action)
necessitate: make (something) necessary as a result or consequence
disproportionate: too large or too small in comparison with something else
undue: unwarranted or inappropriate because excessive or disproportionate
self-conscious: feeling undue awareness of oneself, one's appearance, or one's actions
shabby: in poor condition through long or hard use or lack of care
gerund: a form derived from a verb but functions as a noun. e.g., -ing
insight: the capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.
capacity: 1) the maximum amount that something can contain and 2) the amount that something can produce
oscillate: 1) move or swing back and forth at a regular speed. 2) regularly vary in magnitude or position around a central point
apparatus: 1) the technical equipment or machinery needed for a particular activity or purpose, 2) a complex structure within an organization or system
alternating: (of two or more things) occurring in turn repeatedly
transformer: 1) an apparatus for reducing or increasing the voltage of an alternating current 2) a person or thing that transforms something
proximity: nearness in space, time or relationship
fluctuations: An irregular rising and falling in number or amount; a variation
intrude: Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or using
insulate: protect (something) by interposing material that prevents heat loss or sound intrusion.
interpose: 1) place or insert between one thing and another 2) intervene between parties
sustain: 1) strengthen or support physically or mentally 2) undergo or suffer(something unpleasant)
throughout: in every part of (a place or object) 
legislation: kaws, considered collectively
collectively: as a group; as a whole
billable: (of time spent engaged in a professional service) subject to a fee
exponent: 1) a person who believes in and promotes the truth or benefits of an idea or theory
 	  2) a quantity representing the power to which a given number or expression is to be raised (e.g., 3 in 2^3 2*2*2)
realm: 1) a kingdom, 2) a field or domain of activity or interest
induct: admit(someone) formally to a position or organization
parentheses: 1) a word, clause, or sentence inserted as an explanation or afterthought into a passage that is grammatically complete without i. in writing, usually 
	     marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas. 2) a pair of round brackets used to mark off a parenthetical word or phrase.
Afterthought: an item or thing that is thought of or added later
ergonomic: Relating to or designed for efficiency and comfort in the working environment
enumerable: Able to be counted by one-to-one correspondence with the set of all positive integers
otherwise: 1) in a different state or situation 2) in circumstances different from those present or considered; or else
constitute: 1) be (a part) of a whole 2) give legal or constitutional form to (an institution); establish by law
bilateral: having or relating to two sides
lateral" 1) of, at, toward, or from the side or sides 2) a side part of something, especially a shoot or branch growing out from the side of a stem
ally: 1) combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit. 2) side with or support
commodity: 1) raw material or primary agricultural product that can be bought and sold, such as copper or coffee 2) a valuable thing
confederation: An organization that consists of several parties or groups united in an alliance or league
seam: 1) a line along which two pieces of fabric are sewn together in a garment or other article 
seamless: smooth and continuous, with no apparent gaps or spaces between one part and the next.
Informative: providing useful or interesting information
normative: establishing, relating to, or deriving from a standard or norm, especially of behavior
consistent: 1) acting or done in the same way over time, especially to be fair or accurate 
	    2) unchanging in nature, standard, or effect over time 3) compatible or in agreement with something
compatible: (of two things) able to exist or occur together without conflict
allegory: a story, poem, or picture that can be interpreted to reveal a hidden meaning, typically a moral or political one
literal: taking words in their usual or most basic sense without metaphor or allegory 2) representing the exact words of the original text
Equivalent: Equal in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.
Canonicalization: In computer science, canonicalization converts data with more than one possible representation into standard
conflate: Combine (two or more texts, ideas, etc) into one.
consecutive: Following continuously
exaggerated: regarded or represented as larger, better or worse than in reality
consortium: an association, typically of several business companies
supplant: supersede and replace
supersede: take the place of (a person or thing previously in authority or use); supplant
bitwise: designating an operator in a programming language that manipulates the individual bits in a byte or word
surrogate: a substitute, especially a person deputizing for another in a specific role or office
substitute: a person or thing acting or serving in place of another
in place of (something): instead of someone or something
deputy: A person whose immediate superior is a senior figure within an organization and who is empowered to act as a substitute for this superior
lenient: permissive, merciful, or tolerant
retrofit: add to something that did not have it when manufactured
analogous: comparable in certain respects, typically in a way that makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
metric: 1) of or based on the meter as a unit of length; relating to the metric system 2) a system or standard of measurement
congested: (of a road or place) so crowded with traffic or people
controversial: giving rise or likely to give rise to public disagreement
divert: 1) cause(someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another 2) draw (attention) of someone from something
lodge: 1) present formally to the proper authorities 2) make or become firmly fixed or embedded in a particular place 3) stay or sleep in the house
accommodate: 1) provide lodging or sufficient space for 2) fit in with the wishes or needs of
retension: 1) the continued possession, use, or control of something
due: 1) expected at or planned for at a certain time 2) of the proper quality or extent; adequate 3) person's right 4) obligatory payment