2406---
Decipher: Convert into normal language.
Commitment: The state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc.
Conversely: Introducing a statement or idea which reverses one that has just been made or referred to.
Correlated: Have a mutual relationship or connection, in which one thing affects or depends on another
Idiomatic: Using, containing or denoting expressions that are natural to a native speaker.
Succinctly: In a brief and clearly expressed manner.
Epoch: A period of time in history or a person's life, typically one marked by notable events or particular characteristics.
Patent: A government authority or license conferring a right or title for a set period. To grant a sole right exclude from others.
Confer: 1) Grant or besto(a title, degree, benefit...) 2) Have discussions; exchange opinoion
Surpass: Exceed; be greater than.
Preference: A greater linking for one alternative over another or others.
Stride: 1) walk with long, decisive 2) cross with one long step 3) a long decisive step.
Discrepancy: A lack of compatibility or similarity between two or more facts.
Discern: Perceive or recognize(something)
Supremacy: The state or condition of being superior to all others in authority, power, or status.
Transcend: Be or go beyond the range or limits of(something abstract, typically a conceptual field or division)
Friction: 1) The resistance that one surface encounters when moving 2) Conflict or animosity caused by a clash of wills or opinions.
Bias: 1) Prejudice in favor of or against one thing, person, or group compared with another usually in a way consider to be unfair. 2) (systematic) systematic distortion.
Distortion: 1) The action of distorting or the state of being distorted 2) The action of giving a misleading account or impression.
Distort: 1) pull or twist our of shafe 2) Give a misleading or false account or impression of.
Reverberate: (of a loud noise) be repeated several times as an echo.
Indispensable: Absolutely necessary.
Neat: (of a place or thing) arranged in an orderly, tidy way.
Tidy: Arranged neatly and in order.