2307---
reserved: kept specially for a particular purpose or person
mandatory = compulsory
generic: characteristic of or relating to a class or group of things; not specific
Rudimentary: involving or limited to basic principles. / immature
henceforth: from this time on or from that time on.
errata:  a list of errors in a printed work discovered after printing and shown with corrections
perceptible: able to be seen or noticed.
perceive: become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand
roll out: officially launch or introduce a new product or service
de facto: Actual
not backward compatible: not compatible with lower version
plural: denoting more than one
criterion: a standard by which you judge, decide about, or deal with something
underlie: be a significant cause of basis of (something) even if not necessarily manifest or manifest
manifest: 1) clear to the eye or mind; 2) display or show (a quality or feeling) by one's acts or appearance; demonstrate
settle: resolve or reach an agreement about(an argument or problem)
retrieval: The process of getting something back from somewhere
participle : a word formed from a verb(e.g., going, gone, being, been) and used as an adjective or a noun
underlie: Be a significant cause or basis of (something), even if not necessarily manifest or obvious
denote: be a sign of; indicate
semantics: the branch of linguistics and logic concerned with meaning. 
cogent : (of an argument or case) clear, logical, and convincing
syntax: the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language
hence: as a consequence, for the reason
overview: a general review or summary of a subject
encompass: surround and have or hold within
formal: done following rules of convention or etiquette; suitable for or constituting an official or important situation or occasion
complaint: a statement that a situation is unsatisfactory or unacceptable
compliance: the action or fact of complying with a wish or command
semiotics: the study of signs and symbols and their use or interpretation
yield: 1) produce or provide 2) give way to arguments, demands 3) give way under force or pressure
incorporate: take in or contain (something) as part of a whole; include / constitute (e.g., a company, organizations ..) as a legal corporation
magnitude: The great size or extent of something
precede: 1) come before(something) in time 2) go in front or ahead of 3) come before in order or position
capable: having the ability, fitness, or quality necessary to do or achieve a specified thing
respective: be lining or relating separately to each of two or more people or things
eventually: in the end, especially after a long delay, dispute, or series of problems
conscious: 1) aware of and responding to one's surroundings; awake  2) aware
allude: suggest or call attention to indirectly; hint at
incidentally: used when a person has something more to say or is about to add a remark unconnected to the current subject; by the way
incidental: 1)accompanying but not a major part of something, 2)liable to happen as a consequence of, 3) an incidental detail, expense, event
incident: 1)an event or occurrence, 2) likely to happen because of; result from, 3)(especially, light or radiation)falling on or striking something
obligation: an act or course of action to which a person is morally or legally bound
assure: tell someone something positively or confidently to dispel any doubts they may have
dispel: make (a doubt, feeling, or belief) disappear
account: 1) a report or description of an event or experience, 2) a record or statement of financial expenditure and receipts
distress: extreme anxiety, sorrow, or pain
inflict: cause (something painful) to be suffered by someone or something
subdirectory: a directory below another directory in a hierarchy
revolve: move in a circle on a central axis
opinionated: conceitedly assertive and dogmatic in one's opinions
premises: 1) a house or building together with its land 2) a previous statement or proposition from which another is inferred or follows as a conclusion
provision: 1) providing or supplying something for use; 2)an amount or thing supplied or provided.
behalf: speak or act for someone
latency: the delay before a transfer of data begins following an instruction for its transfer
2308---
Aliases: 1) a false or assumed identity. 2) 
Stateless: isn't dependent on the state. (means always makes the same result)
Along with: 1) together with 2) in addition to 3) at the same time
Single out: focus on one in a large group
even if: despite the possibility that no matter whether
Single-use: designed to be used once and then disposed of or destroyed
deliberately: consciously and intentionally; on purpose
Subset: a part of a larger group of related things
end up being: describe the final or eventual outcome or result of a situation ,,,.
abolish: put an end to (a system, practice, or institution)
Overturn: Tip (something) over so that it is on its side or upside down
Convention: a way in which something is usually done, especially within a particular area or activity
Provision:n 1)the action of providing for use 2) an amount or thing supplied or provided
          2) supply with food, drink or equipment for a journey 3) set aside an amount 
set aside: 1)  save or keep something, 2) declare a legal decision or process to be invalid
engage: 1) occupy, attract or involve 2) participate or become involved in
one for all(every): means designed to benefit many people or groups at once 
pledge: a solemn promise or undertaking
solemn: formal and dignified
Beforehand: before an action or event; in advance
ancillary: providing necessary support to the primary activities or operation of an organization, institution, industry or system
clutter: crowd(something) untidily; fill with clutter
cluster: a group of similar things or people positioned or occurring closely together
untidily: in a way that is not neat or well-arranged
explicitly: In a clear manner, leaving no room for confusion or doubt.
Assertion: A confident and forceful statement or fact or belief.
Pessimistic: Tending to see the worst aspect of things or believing that the worst will happen.
Sweeping: Extending or performed in a long continuous curve.
practically: almost; virtually
directive: An official or authoritative instruction
come across: 1) meet someone by chance; 2) appear or sound in a specified way; give a specified impression
English is not a strict language, and it is changeable
intact: not damaged or impaired in any way; complete
Pending: awaiting decision or settlement
indeed: 1) used to emphasize a statement or response confirming something already suggested 2) used to introduce a further and more muscular or more surprising point
set aside: save or keep something, typically money or time
liability: 1) the state of being responsible for something, e.g.) law
recurrence: the fact of occurring again
arbitrarily: based on random choice or personal whim rather than any reason or system.
Precedence: The condition of being considered more important than someone or something else; priority in importance, order, or rank.
recur: Occur again periodically or repeatedly
incorporate: take in or contain as part of a whole; include
valid: (of an argument or point) having a sound basis in logic or fact; reasonable or cogent
corporate: relating to a corporation, especially a large company or group
criterion: a principle or standard by which something may be judged or decided
impose: force to be accepted or put in place
overrule: reject or disallow by exercising one's superior authority
ongoing: Continuing; still in progress
instantaneous: 1) occurring or done instantly, 2) existing or measured at a particular instant
2310---
prevalent: widespread in a particular area or at a particular time
overall: in general rather than in particular or including all the people or things in a particular group or situation
prevail: 1) prove more powerful than opposing forces; 2) be widespread in a particular area at a particular time; be current
	 3) be current persuade(who) to do something
deductive: Characterized by or based on the inference of particular instances from a general law. Ex) (v)deduce
Inference: a conclusion reached based on evidence and reasoning
basis: The underlying support or foundation for an idea, argument, or process
conduct: 1) organize and carry out, 2) lead or guide(someone) to or around a particular place.
Draw: 1) produce by making lines with a pen. 2) Pull or drag(e.g., car, extract idea, actual things..) to make it follow behind.
Account: 1) a report or description of an event or experience; 2) a record or statement of financial expenditure and receipts.
	 3) consider or regard in a specified way
ledger: 1) a book or other collection of financial accounts of a particular type 2) a flat stone slab(large stone) covering a grave
legislative: having the power to make laws.
Respect: a particular aspect, point, or detail.
Whim: a sudden desire or change of mind, especially unusual or unexplained.
Norm: 1) something that is usual or standard; 2) a required standard; a level to be compiled with or reached.
Breach: 1) an act of breaking or failing to observe a law, agreement, or code of conduct 2) make a gap in and breakthrough. 3) Whale rise and break through the water's surface.
breakthrough: make or force a way through a barrier
regulation: a rule or directive made and maintained by an authority
directive: an official or authoritative instruction
compute: calculate or reckon(a figure or amount)
reckon: establish by counting or calculation; calculate
sovereign: 1) supreme ruler, especially a monarch; 2) possessing supreme or ultimate power
vogue: prevailing fashion or style at a particular time.
optimize: make the best or most effective use of
indefinitely: for an unlimited or unspecified period (or degree or extent)
applicable: relevant or appropriate
appropriate: suitable or proper in the circumstances.
Exercise: use or apply
whichever: used to emphasize a lack of restriction in selecting one of a definite set of alternatives.
Alternative: one of two or more available possibilities.
Bureau: an office or department for transacting a particular business.
Concealment: the action of hiding something or preventing it from being known.
Exertion: physical or mental effort.
Exert: 1) apply or bring to bear 2) make a physical or mental effort
Wonder: a feeling of surprise mingled with admiration caused by something beautiful, unexpected, unfamiliar, or inexplicable.
Mingle: mix or cause to mix.
Inexplicable: unable to be explained or accounted for.
Elaboration: developing or presenting a theory, policy, or system in further detail.
prompt: 1)cause or bring about(an action or feeling, 2) assist or encourage to say something
obsolete: no longer produced or used; out of date
plainly: able to be perceived easily
imperious: assuming power on authority without justification, arrogant and domineering
premise: previous statement or proposition from which another is inferred or follows as a conclusion
intuitive: using or based on what one feels to be true even without conscious reasoning; instinctive
treaty: a formally concluded and ratified agreement between countries
ratify: sign or give formal consent to (treaty, contract, or agreement, making it officially valid
desert: 1) empty or people 2) abandon(a person, cause or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous 3) leave cause it to empty
treacherous: guilty of or involving betrayal or deception
deception: the action of deceiving someone
hazardous: risky; dangerous
deceive (of a person) cause (someone) to believe something untrue to gain some personal advantage.
pre-x: before x
abruptly: suddenly and unexpectedly
precision: the quality, condition, or fact of being exact and accurate
seize: take hold of suddenly and forcibly
placeholders: a significant zero in the decimal representation of a number
persistent: continuing firmly or obstinately in a course of action despite difficulty or opposition
in the course of undergoing the specified process
correspond: 1) have a close similarity; match or agree almost exactly; 2) communicate by exchanging letters, emails, or other messages
concession: a thing that is granted, especially in response to demands; a thing conceded
concede: admit that something is valid after first denying or resisting it
reluctance: unwillingness or disinclination to do something
unwillingness: the quality or state of being unwilling to do something
disinclination: a reluctance or lack of enthusiasm
operative: functioning or having an effect
subclassable: you can inherit from them.
Proprietary: Relating to an owner or ownership
crack: a line on the surface of something along which it has split without breaking into separate parts
along: moving in a constant direction (like a road)
dashboard: a home page on a website giving access to different elements of the site's functionality
whatever: Used to emphasize a lack of restriction in referring to anything or amount, no matter what
inflate: Fill (a balloon, tire or other expandable structure) with air or gas so that it becomes distended.
distended: swollen due to pressure from inside; bloated
swell: (especially of a part of the body) becomes larger or rounder in size, typically as a result of an accumulation of fluid
elaborate: involving many carefully arranged parts or details;
scarcely: only just; almost not
populated: 1) form the population of 2) cause people to settle in 3) fill or be present in(a place, environment, or domain
entail: involve (something) as a necessary or inevitable part or consequence.
Versatile: able to adapt or be adapted to many different functions or activities.
Malice: the intention or desire to do evil; ill will
subsequent: coming after something in time; following
besides in addition
vendor: a person or company offering something for sale, especially a trader in the street.
Subset: a part of a larger group of related things.
exploit: make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource)
accommodate: provide lodging or sufficient space for.
lodge: present(a complaint, appeal, claim, etc) formally to the proper authorities.
deploy: move into position
maneuver: a movement or series of moves requiring skill and care.
dictate: lay down authoritatively; prescribe
prescribe: 1) (of a medical practitioner) advise and authorize the use of (medicine) for someone, especially in writing 2) recommend (a substance or action) as something beneficial
authoritatively: in a way that is trusted as being accurate or true; with authority xx///x/x/x/
mitigate: make less severe, serious, or painful
impaired: weakened or damaged
intense: of extreme force, degree, or strength
intensity: 1) the quality of being intense, 2) the measurable amount of a property, such as force, brightness, or a magnetic field.
refrain: stop oneself from doing something
waive: refrain from insisting on or using
diverge: (of a road, route) separate from another route, especially a main one, and go in a different direction.
demystify: make clearer and easier to understand
comprise: consist of; be made up of
straightforward: Uncomplicated and easy to do or understand
so far: 1) to a certain limited extent 2) (of a trend that seems likely to continue) up to this time
quality: 1) measured against from standard something 2) a distinctive attribute or characteristic possessed by someone or something
engagement: 1) formal agreement to get married 2) an arrangement to do something or go somewhere at a fixed time
obligation: 1) condition of being morally or legally bound to do something 2) debt of gratitude for a service or favor
endeavor: Try hard to do or achieve something
syntax: the arrangement of words and phrases to create well-formed sentences in a language.
pervasive: (especially of an unwelcome influence or physical effect)spreading widely throughout an area or a group of people.
acknowledge: 1) accept or admit the existence or truth of 2) recognize the fact or importance or quality of
refugee: a person who has been forced to leave their country to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster
Hostility and ill-treatment, especially based on ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or political beliefs.
ill-treatment: cruel treatment
apex: the top or highest part of something, especially one forming a point
vertex: the highest point
discrete: individually separate and distinct
abound: exist in large numbers or amounts
traverse: travel across or through
adjacency refers to the relationship between two nodes or vertices in a graph directly connected by an edge.
2311---
glossary: alphabetical list of terms or words found in or relating to a specific subject, text, or dialect, with explanations; a brief dictionary
depict: show or represent by a drawing, painting or other art form
dissect: methodically cut up to study its internal parts.
Theorem: a general proposition
assertion: 1) a confident and forceful statement of fact 2) the action of stating something or exercising authority confidently and forcefully
proposition: 1) a word or idea that expresses a judgment or opinion 2) a suggested program or plan of action 
omit: 1) leave out or exclude (something), either intentionally or forgetfully 2) fail or neglect to do (something); leave undone
intricate: very complicated or detailed
parenthesis: in writing, usually marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas. (e.g. ())
flag: 1)mark for attention in a specified way 2) mark with the symbol for displaying something specific object.
Oblong: an object or flat figure in an elongated rectangle or oval shape.
Elongated: long about width, especially unusually so.
Deviation: The action of departing from an established course or accepted standard
underscore: A line drawn under a word or phrase for emphasis.
Frequency: 1) The rate at which something occurs or is repeated over a particular period or in a given sample. 
	   2) The rate at which a vibration occurs that constitutes a wave, or in an electromagnetic field, usually measured per second.
Linting: It checks the source code for programmatic and stylistic errors.
Spectator: a person who watches a show, game, or other event.
Audit: An official inspection of an individual's or organization's accounts, typically by an independent body.
Fraud: wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain
regulate: Control or maintain the rate or speed so that it appropriately
Elicit: evoke or draw out from someone in reaction to one's actions or questions.
Invariably: in every case or on every occasion; always
Exclamation: a sudden cry or remark, especially expressing surprise, anger, or pain
rebase: establish a new base level for
Denture: A removable plate or frame holding one or more artificial teeth.
Precede: 1) come before (something) in time. 2)
fiscally: In a way that relates to government revenue, especially taxes.
Extensive: Covering or affecting a large area.
Revenue: Income, especially when of a company or organization and of a substantial nature.
Substantial: 1) of considerable importance, size, or worth. 2) actual and tangible rather than imaginary
tangible: perceptible by touch
neglect: 1) failure to care for properly, 2) the state or fact of being uncared for
monotonic: 1) varying in such a way that it either never decreases or never increases 2) speaking or uttered with an unchanging pitch or tone
utter: 1) complete; absolute 2) make (a sound) with one's voice
authoritative: Able to be trusted as being accurate or true; reliable
evenly: 1) to present a flat or uniform surface or line, 2) in equal numbers, amounts, or values
implement: A tool, utensil, or other piece of equipment. For use particular purpose.
Conformity: 1) compliance with standards, rules, or laws 2) similarity in form or type; agreement in character
aggregation: The formation of several things into a cluster.
irreversibly: In a way that cannot be undone or altered
integral: necessary to make a whole complete; essential or fundamental
capacitor: A device used to store an electric charge, consisting of one or more pairs of conductors separated by an insulator
insulator: A substance that does not readily allow the passage of heat or sound.
conductor: physics) an object that transmits heat, electricity, or sound, especially in terms of its capacity.
in terms of: used to describe which particular area of a subject you are discussing / about something
dissipate: squander or fritter away (money, energy or resources)
electromotive: producing or tending to produce an electric current.
inductance: The property of an electric conductor or circuit that causes an electromotive force to be generated by a change in the current flowing
thus: As a result or consequence of this; therefore
inhibit: Hinder, restrain, or prevent
warrant: justify or necessitate(a certain course of action)
necessitate: make (something) necessary as a result or consequence
disproportionate: too large or too small in comparison with something else
undue: unwarranted or inappropriate because excessive or disproportionate
self-conscious: feeling undue awareness of oneself, one's appearance, or one's actions
shabby: in poor condition through long or hard use or lack of care
gerund: a form derived from a verb but functions as a noun. e.g., -ing
insight: the capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing.
capacity: 1) the maximum amount that something can contain and 2) the amount that something can produce
oscillate: 1) move or swing back and forth at a regular speed. 2) regularly vary in magnitude or position around a central point
apparatus: 1) the technical equipment or machinery needed for a particular activity or purpose, 2) a complex structure within an organization or system
alternating: (of two or more things) occurring in turn repeatedly
transformer: 1) an apparatus for reducing or increasing the voltage of an alternating current 2) a person or thing that transforms something
proximity: nearness in space, time or relationship
fluctuations: An irregular rising and falling in number or amount; a variation
intrude: Put oneself deliberately into a place or situation where one is unwelcome or using
insulate: protect (something) by interposing material that prevents heat loss or sound intrusion.
interpose: 1) place or insert between one thing and another 2) intervene between parties
sustain: 1) strengthen or support physically or mentally 2) undergo or suffer(something unpleasant)
throughout: in every part of (a place or object) 
legislation: kaws, considered collectively
collectively: as a group; as a whole
billable: (of time spent engaged in a professional service) subject to a fee
exponent: 1) a person who believes in and promotes the truth or benefits of an idea or theory
 	  2) a quantity representing the power to which a given number or expression is to be raised (e.g., 3 in 2^3 2*2*2)
realm: 1) a kingdom, 2) a field or domain of activity or interest
induct: admit(someone) formally to a position or organization
parentheses: 1) a word, clause, or sentence inserted as an explanation or afterthought into a passage that is grammatically complete without i. in writing, usually 
	     marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas. 2) a pair of round brackets used to mark off a parenthetical word or phrase.
Afterthought: an item or thing that is thought of or added later
ergonomic: Relating to or designed for efficiency and comfort in the working environment
enumerable: Able to be counted by one-to-one correspondence with the set of all positive integers
otherwise: 1) in a different state or situation 2) in circumstances different from those present or considered; or else
constitute: 1) be (a part) of a whole 2) give legal or constitutional form to (an institution); establish by law
bilateral: having or relating to two sides
lateral" 1) of, at, toward, or from the side or sides 2) a side part of something, especially a shoot or branch growing out from the side of a stem
ally: 1) combine or unite a resource or commodity with (another) for mutual benefit. 2) side with or support
commodity: 1) raw material or primary agricultural product that can be bought and sold, such as copper or coffee 2) a valuable thing
confederation: An organization that consists of several parties or groups united in an alliance or league
seam: 1) a line along which two pieces of fabric are sewn together in a garment or other article 
seamless: smooth and continuous, with no apparent gaps or spaces between one part and the next.
Informative: providing useful or interesting information
normative: establishing, relating to, or deriving from a standard or norm, especially of behavior
consistent: 1) acting or done in the same way over time, especially to be fair or accurate 
	    2) unchanging in nature, standard, or effect over time 3) compatible or in agreement with something
compatible: (of two things) able to exist or occur together without conflict
allegory: a story, poem, or picture that can be interpreted to reveal a hidden meaning, typically a moral or political one
literal: taking words in their usual or most basic sense without metaphor or allegory 2) representing the exact words of the original text
Equivalent: Equal in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.
Canonicalization: In computer science, canonicalization converts data with more than one possible representation into standard
conflate: Combine (two or more texts, ideas, etc) into one.
consecutive: Following continuously
exaggerated: regarded or represented as larger, better or worse than in reality
consortium: an association, typically of several business companies
supplant: supersede and replace
supersede: take the place of (a person or thing previously in authority or use); supplant
bitwise: designating an operator in a programming language that manipulates the individual bits in a byte or word
surrogate: a substitute, especially a person deputizing for another in a specific role or office
substitute: a person or thing acting or serving in place of another
in place of (something): instead of someone or something
deputy: A person whose immediate superior is a senior figure within an organization and who is empowered to act as a substitute for this superior
lenient: permissive, merciful, or tolerant
retrofit: add to something that did not have it when manufactured
analogous: comparable in certain respects, typically in a way that makes clearer the nature of the things compared.
metric: 1) of or based on the meter as a unit of length; relating to the metric system 2) a system or standard of measurement
congested: (of a road or place) so crowded with traffic or people
controversial: giving rise or likely to give rise to public disagreement
divert: 1) cause(someone or something) to change course or turn from one direction to another 2) draw (attention) of someone from something
lodge: 1) present formally to the proper authorities 2) make or become firmly fixed or embedded in a particular place 3) stay or sleep in the house
accommodate: 1) provide lodging or sufficient space for 2) fit in with the wishes or needs of
retension: 1) the continued possession, use, or control of something
due: 1) expected at or planned for at a certain time 2) of the proper quality or extent; adequate 3) person's right 4) obligatory payment
2312---
 : The action of or a facility for systematic electronic information retrieval
regard: consider or think of (someone or something) in a specified way)
enclose: surround or close off on all sides
cataclysm: a large-scale and violent event in the natural world
entice: Attract or tempt by offering pleasure or advantage
inclination: 1) a person's natural tendency or urge to act or feel in a particular way, 2) a slope or slant, 3) the angle at which a straight line or plane is inlined to another
slant: 1) slope or lean in a particular direction 2) present or view from a particular angle, especially in a biased or unfair way
Deviate: 1) depart from an established course 2) another term for deviant
throttle: 1) a device controlling the flow of fuel or power to an engine 2) attack or kill (someone) by chocking or strangling them 3) control with a throttle
lookup: the action of or a facility for systematic electronic information retrieval
out-of-band: 
resilience: the capacity to withstand or to recover quickly from difficulties,
stale: 1) no longer new and interesting or exciting, 2) invalid because out of date
justification: The action of showing something to be right or reasonable.
adverse: Preventing success or development; harmful, unfavorable
alongside: 1) close to the side of; next to 2) together and in co-operation with
ingestion: 1) The process of taking food, drink or another substance into the body by swallowing 2) The process of absorbing information
medium: 1) an agency or means of doing something, 2) the intervening substance through which impressions are conveyed to the senses or a force acts
intervene: 1) come between to prevent or alter a result or course of events 2) extend or occur between events
compilation: 1) the action or process of producing something 2) a thing especially a book record or broadcast program, that is put together by assembling
excerpt: A short extract from a film, broadcast, or piece of music or writing
meteoric: very fast speed
fetch: 1) go for and then bring back (someone or something) for someone 2) achieve (a particular price) when sold.
ascertain: Find (something) out for certain; make sure of.extraneous: irrelevant or unrelated to the subject being dealt with
up-to-date: incorporating the latest developments and trends
obscure: not discoved or known about; uncertain
2401---
responsive: Reacting quickly and positively
nauseating: causing or liable to cause a feeling of nausea or disgust
liable: responsible by law, legally answerable
nausea: a feeling of sickness with an inclination to vomit
cognition: The mental action or process of acquiring knowledge and understanding through thought, experience and the senses
counterfeit: a fraudulent imitation of something else; a forgery 2) imitate fraudulently
Fraudulent: obtained, done by, or involving deception, especially criminal deception
forgery: the action of forging or producing a copy of a document, signature, banknote, or work of art
forge: 1)make or shape by heating, 2)create ( a relationship or new conditions), 3) produce a copy or imitation of for deception
susceptible: likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing.
defer: put off (an action or event) to a later time; postpone
forgiving: 1)ready and willing to forgive, 2)(of a thing)easy or safe to deal with
relay: a group of people or animals engaged in a task or activity for a fixed period of time and then replaced by a similar group
approach: 1)come near, 2)speak to (someone) for the first time about something, typically with a proposal or request 3)a way of dealing with something
subordinate: lower in rank or position
intrinsic: belonging naturally; essential
collide: 1)hit with force when moving, 2) come into conflict or opposition
Colloquially: in the language of ordinary or familiar conversation, informally
vice versa: used to say that what you have just said is also true in the opposite order.
trucate: 1)shorten the duration or extent of, 2)shorten by cutting off the top or end.
semaphore: 1)a system of sending messages by holding the arms or two flags  in certain positions, 2)an apparatus for sending messages by semaphore, consiting upright 
exclusive: 1)excluding or not admitting other things, 2)restricted or limited to the person, group, or area concerned
preferably: 1)ideally, 2)if possible
withdraw:1)remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position, 2)leave or cause to leave a place or situation
en: a unit of measurement equal to half an em and approximately the average width of typeset characters, used especially for estimating the total amount of space text will req.
typeset: arrange the type or process the data for (text that is to be printed)
merely: 1)just, 2)only
sanitized: 1)made clean and hygienic; disinfected
palatable: 1)(of food or drink)pleasant to taste, 2)(of an action of proposal)acceptable or satisfactory
arpersand: & mark name
reentrant: (of an angle) pointing inward.
disperse: distribute or spread over a wide area.
suspend:1)temporarily prevent from continuing or being in force or effect, 2)hang (something) from somewhere
somehow: In some way; by some means
delve: Reach inside a receptacle and search for something
receptacle: an object or space used to contain something.
attain: succeed in achieving (something that one desires and has worked for)
strive: make great efforts to achieve or obtain something.
further: promote
promote: further the progress of (something, especially a cause, venture, or aim); support or actively encourage.
2402---
Flush: It becomes red and hot, typically due to illness or strong emotion. 2) It cleanses by causing large quantities of water to pass through it.
Adjust: alter or move to achieve the desired fit, appearance, or result.
coerce: persuade (an unwilling person) to do something by using force or threats
aggregate: 1) a whole formed by combining several elements, 2) form or group into a class or cluster
sanitize: make clean and hygienic
blaze: very large or fiercely burning fire
passphrase: A string of words that must be used to gain access to a computer system or service
Impersonate: Pretend to be (another person) for entertainment or to deceive someone.
Invocation: The action of invoking something or someone for assistance or as an authority.
invoke: 1) cite or appeal to (someone or something) as an authority for an action or in support of an argument.
contentious: causing or likely to cause an argument; controversial.
consolidate: 1) make (something) physically stronger or more solid 2) combine (a number of things) into a single more effective or coherent whole.
coherent: 1) logical and consistent 2) united as or forming a whole.
ample: Enough or more than enough; plentiful
2403---
isomorphic: corresponding or similar in form and relations.
contiguous: touching or connected throughout in an unbroken sequence.
integrity: 1) quality of being honest and having strong moral principles 2) the state of being whole and undivided
reception: The action or process of receiving something sent, given, or inflicted.
brim: the projecting edge at the bottom of a hat.
projecting: extending outward beyond something else; protruding.
distill: 1) purify (a liquid) by vaporizing it.
herein: In this document or book.
disclose: make  (secret or new information) known.
Affiliate: Officially attach or connect ( a subsidiary group or a person) to an organization
subsidiary. It is more important than anything else but is related or supplementary to something.
bearing: 1) A person's way of standing or moving. 2) relation; relevance.
Disclaimer: A statement that denies something, especially responsibility.
periphery: The outer limits or edge of an area or object.
advent: The arrival of a notable person, thing, or event.
enquire: Asking a question to someone.
amenity: 1) A desirable or useful feature or facility of a building or place.
Compound: A thing that is composed of two or more separate elements; a mixture
recombine: Combine or cause to combine again or differently.
abundant: Existing or available in large quantities; plentiful.
2404---
Harness: 1) A set of straps and fittings by which a horse or other draft animal is fastened to a cart, plow, etc. and is controlled by its driver. 2) Control and make use of (natural resources)
Consensus: A general agreement.
Sentiment:  A view of or attitude toward a situation or event; an opinion
Nucleus: The central and most important part of an object, movement, or group, forming the basis for its activity and growth.
Retrospective: looking back on or dealing with past events or situations.
Preference: A greater linking for one alternative over another or others.
Prior to: before
stringent: 1) tight, constricted 2) marked by rigor, strictness, or severity especially with regard to rule or standarded
Averse: Having a strong dislike of or opposition to something.
Undertake: 1) Commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on. 2) promise to do a particular thing
Diagonal: (of a straight line) Joining two opposite corners of a square, rectangle, or other straight-sided shape.
perpetrate: carry out or commit ( a harmful, illegal, or immoral action)
In a way: to a certain extent(used to reduce the effect of a statement
Synthesis: The combination of ideas to form a theory or system.
Bitwise: Designating an operator in a programming language that manipulates the individual bits in a byte or word.
operand: 1) The quantity on which an operation is to be done.
Negation: 1) The contradiction or denial of something 2) the absence or opposite of something actual or positive 3) Inversion(math)
Contradiction: A combination of statements, ideas, or features of a situation that are opposed to one another.
Collective: Done by people acting as a group.
decisive: settling an issue; producing a definite result.
Elapse: (of time) pass or go by.
Cumbersome: Large or heavy and therefore difficult to carry or use; unwieldy.
Unwieldy: Difficult to carry or move because of its size, shape, or weight.
Destructing: A convenient way of extracting multiple values from data stored in (possibly nested) objects and Arrays.
cue: A thing said or done that serves as a signal to an actor or other performer to enter or to begin their speech or performance
pertain: Be appropriate, related, or applicable.
Embark: Go on board a ship, aircraft, or other vehicle.
Atlas: a book of maps or charts
Sake: For the purpose of; in the interest of; in order to achieve or perserve
Revert: return to (previous state)
Unary: (especially of a mathematical operation) consisting of or involving a single component or element.
Shorthand: A method of rapid writing by means of abbreviations and symbols, used especially for taking dication.
vice versa: with the main items in the preceding statement the other way around
autonomous: (of a country or region) having the freedom to govern itself or control its own affairs
Amend: Make minor changes in order to make it fairer, more accurate., or more up-to-date.
Exponential: Characterized by or being an extremely rapid increase an exponential growth rate.
Tedious: Too long, slow, or dull.
Vigilantly: Great deal of care and watchfulness
Predicate: 1) state, affirm, or assert(something) about the subject.
affirm: 1) State as a fact, assert strongly 2) offer (someone) emotional support or encouragement.
tack: 1) a small, sharp broad-headed nail 2) fasten or fix in place with tacks
Verbal: relating to or in the form of words.
Binary: 1) Relating to, composed of, or involving two things. 2) relating of numerical notation that has 2 rather than 10 as a base
Complement: 1) A thing that completes or brings to perfection. 2) add to (smt) in a way that enhances
Agnostic: Denoting or relating to hardware or software that is compatible with many types of platforms or operating systems.
Sandbox: 1) A testing environment in a computer systemin which software can be run securely 2) isolate software so that it can access only certain resources, programs within a computer system.
Glitch: A sudden, usually temporary malfunction or irregularity of equipment.
Nasty: Highly unpleasant, especially to the senses.
Sidestep: Avoid (something) by stepping sideways.
Serveilance: close observation, especially of a suspected spy or criminal.
confiden: intended to be kept secret
wary: feeling or showing caution about possible dangers or problems.
Disguise: Having changed one's appearance in order to conceal one's identity.
Cipher: A secret or disguised way of writing; a code.
Tamper: 1) interfere with (something) in order to cause damage or make unauthorized alterations.  2) exert a secret or corrupt influence upon (someone)
Intelligible: Able to be understood; comprehensible.
Unscramble: Restore (something that has been scrambled) to an intelligible, readable, or viewable state.
Adherence: 1) The act, action, or quality of adhering 2) steady or faithful attachment
Fidelity: The quality or state of being faithful
Kick off: The start of something.
Administer: 1) manage and be responsible for the running of 2) dispense or apply 3) give help or service
Dispense: 1) Distribute or provide to a number of people 2) manage without or get get rid of
2405---
improbable: Not likely to be true or to happen.
irritable: having or showing a tendency to be easily annoyed or made angry
snappy: irritable and inclined to speak sharply
Proceed: Begin or continue a course of action
Salient: Most noticeable or important
Tort: A wrongful act or an infringement of a right leading to civil legal liability.
Infringement: The action of breaking the terms of a law, agreement, etc; violation.
Offspring: A person's child or children.
Conceive: 1) become pregnant with (a child) 2) form or devise (a plan or idea) in the mind.
Device: 1) an object or machine that has been invented for a particular purpose 2)plan or invent (a complex procedure, system, ... ) by careful thought.
Fetus: an offspring of a human or other mammal in the stages of prenatal development that follow the embryo stage.
Embryo: 1) An unborn or unhatched offspring in the process of development, in particular a human offspring during the period from approximately the second to the eighth week after fertilization. 2) A thing at a rudimentary.
Incurable: 1) Not able to be cured. 2) (of a person or behavior) unable to be changed.
Enthanasia: The painless killing of a patient suffering from an incurable and painful disease or in an irreversible coma.
Irreversible: Not able to be undone or altered.
commence: Start.
confine: Keep or restrict someone or something within certain limits of.
Relegate: Consign or dismiss to an inferior rank or position.
Dismiss: Order or allow to leave; send away.
Consult: Seek information or advice from (someone with expertise in a particular area).
Analogy: A comparison between two things, typically for the purpose of explanation or clarification.
Pad: 1) Fill or cover with soft material in order to protect or its contents 2) A thick piece of soft material use d to friction or jarring.